TF-288 Required Encryption Password (#1583)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/enterprise/install/automating-the-installer.html.md

    "installation_type": {
        "value": "poc"
    },
    "capacity_concurrency": {

>         "value": "5"

Reviewer: Removing on purpose, to let demo installs default to a concurrency of 10?

- `hostname` — (Required) The hostname you will use to access your installation.
- `installation_type` — (Required) One of `poc` or `production`.

> - `enc_password` — (Required) The [password](./encryption-password.html) used to encrypt and decrypt the internally managed Vault unseal key and root token. Required only when using internally managed Vault.

Reviewer 2: copy pedantry:

```suggestion
- `enc_password` — (Required) The [password](./encryption-password.html) used to encrypt and decrypt the internally-managed Vault unseal key and root token. Required only when using internally-managed Vault.
```

> - `enc_password` — (Required) The [password](./encryption-password.html) used to encrypt and decrypt the internally-managed Vault unseal key and root token. Required only when using internally-managed Vault.

Reviewer: Since internally-managed Vault is the default and the recommended choice, I wonder if we should reverse the wording on that last clause?

```suggestion
- `enc_password` — (Required) The [password](./encryption-password.html) used to encrypt and decrypt the internally-managed Vault unseal key and root token. Not required if you're opting out of internally-managed Vault.
```

- `hostname` — (Required) The hostname you will use to access your installation.
- `installation_type` — (Required) One of `poc` or `production`.

> - `enc_password` — (Required) The [password](./encryption-password.html) used to encrypt and decrypt the internally-managed Vault unseal key and root token. Not required only when opting out of internally-managed Vault.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `enc_password` — (Required) The [password](./encryption-password.html) used to encrypt and decrypt the internally managed Vault unseal key and root token. Not required only when opting out of internally-managed Vault.
```

I'm commenting on this after my comment lower down, so I'll not repeat myself too much - I'm not sure we need this hyphenated.
